
Software Farm Mica Graphics Framework Release 1.1 (Alpha)

Known Bugs

	Table headers are out of alignment with table cells by a pixel or so

	Adding annotation and connection points cannot be undone using undo

	The performance tests need to be tuned for fast PCs to remove the
	'infinitely fast' effect (due to the shortness of the tests and the
	large grained PC timer chip).

	Arranging selected nodes in MiNetwork does not arrange the node's
	selection graphics at the same time

	Moving table rows in MiPerformanceTestSuite is not handled correctly
	during successive test runs.

	Cascade menus need work on their look-and-feel

	Appletcations that use table limit the size of their tables for
	speed (see adding support for virtual data to tables in the 
	above to do list). For example the file chooser limits itself 
	to 50 files per directory.

	Sometimes attachments of parts with zero width or height will not 
	undraw themselves when moved. Work-around: set their width or height 
	equal to 1.

Development Caveats

	Assigning the same eventHandler instance to multiple parts can have 
	undesirable side-effects for some types of event handlers.

	If a part has two containers, the first container is the one that is used
	to determine what window the part is in.

	In event handlers, if the event handler is waiting for a shift-mouse-up event
	then it must also look for mouse-up event too because a user may let up the
	shift key then the mouse button. To fix: use the ANY_MODIFIERS_HELD_DOWN option
	to look for the mouse-button-up with any or none modifiers held down.

	If a text string is to be composed of 2 strings (for example: 
	string1 + ":" + string2), make sure to call getProperty if either of these
	text strings might be a property name (for example:
	MiSystem.getProperty(string1, string1) + ":" 
	+ MiSystem.getProperty(string2, string2)).

	If a drag and drop operation replaces the drop target then there
	is only one way for observers to be notified about the completion
	of the drag and drop operation: by listening for the Mi_REPLACE_ACTION.


